README.md, before:

/*Project 2 - InstaNews`*/ 

This is a project which tests students abilities relating to HTML, CSS and Javascript, jQuery, APIs, Gulp and SASS/SCSS. 

This webpage is fully compatable across all browsers and devices.

The main challenge for this website was getting the API to the NYT website to work correctly.


# Technologies Used
* Git Bash (https://git-for-windows.github.io/)
* Google Chrome (https://www.google.com/chrome/)
* Google Chrome Developer Tools
* Transfonter (https://transfonter.org/)
* JavaScript
* JQuery (https://jquery.com/)
* Gulp(https://gulpjs.com/)
* API to NYT (https://developer.nytimes.com/)


# Desktop Screenshot
![Desktop Screenshot](https://cjrt27.github.io/instaNews/project-02/assets/images/instaNews-desktop.png)

# Tablet Screenshot
![Tablet Screenshot](https://cjrt27.github.io/instaNews/project-02/assets/images/instaNews-tablet.png)

# Mobile Screenshot
![Mobile Screenshot](https://cjrt27.github.io/instaNews/project-02/assets/images/instaNews-mobile.png)

Commit message:

Revisit of project: modified code using prettier, made a couple amends to README doc

README.md, after:

/*Project 2 - InstaNews`*/ 

This is a project which tests students abilities relating to HTML, CSS and Javascript, jQuery, APIs, Gulp and SASS/SCSS. 

This webpage is fully compatable across all browsers and devices.

The main challenge for this website was getting the API to the NYT website to work correctly.

At the conclusion of this project, I can say that I learned a great deal about API's and also started to learn about Gulp.


# Technologies Used
* Git Bash (https://git-for-windows.github.io/)
* Google Chrome (https://www.google.com/chrome/)
* Google Chrome Developer Tools
* Transfonter (https://transfonter.org/)
* JavaScript
* JQuery (https://jquery.com/)
* Gulp(https://gulpjs.com/)
* API to NYT (https://developer.nytimes.com/)


# Desktop Screenshot
![Desktop Screenshot](https://cjrt27.github.io/instaNews/project-02/assets/images/instaNews-desktop.png)

# Tablet Screenshot
![Tablet Screenshot](https://cjrt27.github.io/instaNews/project-02/assets/images/instaNews-tablet.png)

# Mobile Screenshot
![Mobile Screenshot](https://cjrt27.github.io/instaNews/project-02/assets/images/instaNews-mobile.png)
